The great master mentioned one after another, but then now he highlighted again six paramitas and
that is generosity as well as morality, patience practices, and concentrations, joyful efforts,
concentrations, and as well as the worship paramitas.
So yesterday we went briefly of all the generously that he highlighted and as well as the moral
ities that we went through.
Moralities such as taking as what called that at vows, or the Bhaskar vows or the uni vows as like
in a vows, the one 24-hour day vows you take. Those are related with the moralities.
Again, as I said, when we keep the morality as morality paramata, concept and morality practices
beautifully, and then again standing firmly above heart in both each other.
And that is what again morality can be divided. The other six paramita can be divided into, each of
them divided into three, three, three, three, and all messy 18 divisions.
And furthermore can be divided, then paramitas, each paramita can be divided into six, six
divisions.
So that means, each paramita actually can contain the all six paramitas as like what in Russia they
have, special those. What's called?
Those that looks like outside one, but inside it has all different things, layer of layer that.
That is how beautiful it is. Each of these really rich, rich.
And I think, I always talk again once to remind it to you. To remind you that this 18 paramita can
be divided into three.
I already said you three of the generalists. Again, maybe I will talk that one more time.
Material generalists and as well as your production generalists, and then the expert or the
knowledge generalist, and also this is known as the generalist of the teachings or the Danas or the
world of Muslims.
Those are the generalists. Morality can be divided into again a three. Those three are false ways.
The morality that while preventing all the negative actions, that is the post.
Morality that will stop all the negative actions, all the happy dependence, the bad happy
dependence that is disturbing ourself and others, or annoying to others.
That's stopping. That is known as the need of morality that's stopping all the negative activities.
Second morality is known as gathering all the virtues, all the good things that you gathered.
You are developing. That means you're developing, you're strengthening, you're understanding. Keep
up that goodness. That's the second morality.
Third morality is known as performing the activity that benefiting to the others, to the other
beings that you do the activity.
Anything that you can do happens to others. In the context of our game, both each other, that means
when we do these practices, it's totally love, it's compassion, it's wisdom, it's intelligence.
It's not just a dummy, stupid, or any of what they call, any of activities, but something so
enlightened activities and beautiful.
That is known as the moralities. Those are the divisions of the moralities.
And the third is the patience.
Patient practices, again, there can be, again, patient standing firmly on the ground of the body jh
ata, and then we perform the activities of the patient.
The patient can be divided again into three pieces. Those are known as the first pieces, and the
first is the patient or the patient that I never mind distributing to the others.
So the patient that I don't care, for example, I don't care if it is bothering me, or they annoy me
, I don't care.
Kind of that attitude. So in a way, if I roughly translate it, the patient of the never mind. Never
mind.
Never mind, patients. Never mind. I don't care. I'm going to stay.
Strong, I'm not going to chase up there. So that is the never mind, the patient, those two.
And the second thing is accepting the heart share and the difficulties.
Heart share and the difficulties. Joyfully courageous.
In life, as we have difficulty in troubles and challenges, that is true.
No one is out of that. No one is exceptionally in some sense.
The moment we are born in this universe, in the earth, we always have difficulty in challenges.
It's part of the game, part of the show of our lives.
But, however, with that happened, that again, the great courage and confidence and passion,
so this accepting whatever the situation comes, strongly and very courageously.
Courageous. That is known as second passion. Patient accepting the heart share. Joyfulness.
And third passion, third passion is patience of not scared with anything,
is not scared with mysteries, or not scared with the profound meaning of the views.
For our understanding, this personal moment, our understanding is limited.
But we should not stay with that limitation.
We have to open the door of our knowledge intelligently, widely, to see every panoramic.
For example, this time, in the modern science, how much they discover, one after another.
How many they discover, voyages are moving forward and adventures, through that exploration.
One after another happens.
So our knowledge in the wisdom is not like knowledge was known about 200 years ago.
The public has knowledge in the wisdom. It's experience.
There are so many mysteries, so many things to discover, we shouldn't block our knowledge.
And when we have to know something, when we heard that, we should not be scared with that.
We should not be scared with that.
At the same time, to keep up our goodness, such as practice,
and we should not be terminated by the difficult heart shapes of the practices, and doing good
things.
So those are the third division of the patients.